[OVERVIEW]
This file includes good examples of effective escalations that follows the best practices described in the content standards.
By providing sufficient data, analysis, reproduction steps, and contexts, the development/engineering team can quickly and seamlessly triage the case and start investigating the problem.
Also, consistently creating high-quality escalations helps the support team maintain good relationships with the development/engineering team.

[GOOD EXAMPLE 1]
Title: US Region - Users Cannot Login
Priority: P1 (URGENT/CRITICAL)
Description:
The customer reported the end users cannot login to our platform. They input username and password and pressed "Login" button, but the page didn't change at all.
I've attached the screen recording they shared with me (login_error.mov).
It was a US based customer and I could reproduce the issue on my US testing environment while another environment in the EU region works fine.
I inspected the network logs on the browser and found the /login endpoint returned the status code 500 (attached as network_logs.har). The reproduction rate was 9 out of 10 tries. I got one successdful login but, the server took 5 seconds until it navigate me to the next screen.
The customer stated that they started to see the issue from 2025-07-01 00:10:00 UTC.
The access logs shows the number of susccessful login attempts is sharply decreasing starting from the time the customer reported: https://example.com/logs?from=20250701001000&to=20250701011000&type=login&result=success
Could you assemble the team and initiate incident response process? I believe this is an P1 incident as all the US customers could be potentially impacted.
Reproduction Steps:
Have an account for the US region and try to login.

[GOOD EXAMPLE 2]
Title: "Desktop SDK: ERROR CODE 0100" when runnnig SDK in specific environment
Priority: P3 (NORMAL)
Description:
The customer reported that our SDK for web application displays console.error log "Desktop SDK: ERROR CODE 0100" on the console of the browser's web inspection tool.
Reportedly, they only see this log on Mac OSX + Safari environment. As the message "ERROR CODE 0100" is not informative, they wanted us to help them understand what was going wrong. 
I created small testing application and ran it on my Mac + Safari. I could not reproduce the problem. However, the customer could reproduce the message when they ran my testing applicaotion on their laptop.
The customer shared the screen recording and console outputs (see screen_recording.mov and console_logs.jpeg)
When we copared the OS and browser versions, there were some differences. I guessed theese difference in the versions were the cause of the error message.
Their environment was:
Mac OS Sonoma 14.x, Intel Chip
Safari 18.4
My environment was:
Mac OS Sequoia 15.x, Apple M2
Safari 18.5
I searched for this error message in the SDK's source code, but there was no exact match. However, the error message clearly states "Desktop SDK." I believe the message was generated in our SDK.
Could you help me understand what the error message "Desktop SDK: ERROR CODE 0100" mean?
Assuming this is a compatibility issue, does it make the SDK unusable in a specific environment?
